feat: add nfpm meta mackages (#1620)
goreleaser/goreleaser: www/docs/customization/nfpm.md

    # Defaults to empty.
    release: 1

>     # Makes meta package - empty (without binaries)
>     # package that contains only supporting files and dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Makes a meta package - an empty package that contains only supporting files and dependencies.
    # When set to `true`, the `builds` option is ignored.
```
